---
layout: post
title:  "Second Blog Post"
date:   2015-09-24 19:50:38
categories: jekyll update
---

I have no idea what to write about, so I decided to just write what I'm thinking about. This is still good practice for my writing and more importantly, I'm filling the goal that I've made for myself that I would be making a blog post everyday. I'm sure that in the future when my life is more meaningful that I will eventually remove these posts, or maybe I'll store these in a seperate page like junk mail and just leave it there. Anyways I always have an issue about being productive. I am productive but way too late. My routine when I wake up is browsing Reddit on my phone when I wake up. This is an awful habit, my eye lids feel like they weigh a hundred pounds and I feel like my face is about to explode, not to mention my eyes get so fucked up from looking at the small phone screen my mind can't even properly register the world around me as it takes a minute for my eyes to readjust to the physical world. I imagine this is very poor for the health of my eyes and makes me more tired when I'm supposed to be alert. I've pretty much done the opposite of everything you're supposed to do when you wake up and start your day. These issues have caused me to waste quite a portion of my day. Sometimes it feels like a race and I'm coming last because I'm not as healthy as I could be and haven't had a good start. I feel so stupid writing about these first world issues but confronting myself with writing and text is not too shabby. I'm pulling out the important thoughts from my brain and marking them down in the physical world albeit in electrons. Now that I think about it there is so much crap when your browsing the internet these things start to plague your mind and makes you lose focus and diligence. The fact of the matter is, I'm a single person and there is no way I can make sense of it all or try to solve problems by myself. In the end I'll feel hopeless and useless. What I should be doing is focusing on my domain where I know the things I should be learning and try to join a team that solves problems. So read the books that you want to read and study. Practice the skill that you want to be good at. For me there's basically no reason to ask for approval for what I do from anyone, it's already well established that it's a very sought after talent to be a good programmer.